samples: dtm: Fix antenna switching functionality (#10448)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Fixed OOB pairing between these samples.

> * :ref:`direct_test_mode` sample"
> 
>   * Fixed an issue when antenna switching was not functional on nRF5340 with nRF21540 EK shield.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`direct_test_mode` sample:

  * Fixed an issue where the antenna switching was not functional on RF5340 with nRF21540 EK shield.
```
